The weeks Astero spent in the Fen clan were the happiest he had been in a while, partly because his mother was so happy, but partly because he had finally found a way to descend the staircase without alerting anyone. 



No one knew of his plans. Not even Xen, whom Astero had befriended as the weeks went by. Xen had been kind enough to teach him martial arts, and while Astero was not entirely skilled, he did learn. Other than Xen, he spent a lot of time with his uncles and aunties. 



Astero met his Uncle Zhilin's three month-old daughter, Yin. The first time he held her in his arms, she cried so loudly Astero nearly dropped her. Auntie Lanmi, his uncle's wife, had been kind enough to teach him how to properly hold a child. 



He also met Cy Ong, Auntie Anji's fiancée. He was shy and sweet, which contrasted nicely with his auntie's bold personality. They were to be married in two years. 



He learned that his Auntie Meira was engaged to the leader of the Priyavansu clan, and they would be getting married later this year. She didn't hate the man, but she didn't like him either. He was quite a bit older than her, and he had a reputation for keeping a variety of lovers. Astero's mother had tried talking to their father to cancel their marriage, and he was willing to listen, but Auntie Meira insisted on going through with it. She was born sickly and physically weak, just like their mother who died giving birth to Auntie Anji. Auntie Meira feared no one would want to marry her, until Chansuya Priyavansu expressed his interest. She felt she had to marry him, out of a sense of duty and gratefulness.



His Uncle Luxian had a reputation as a notorious flirt, and he refused to be engaged until he met someone he truly liked. He wanted to stay in the clan as commander of the army, so he wished to marry someone already in the clan. 



The four of them did not share a mother with Astero's mother. His grandfather, Raigo Fen, married Noemi Sanu, his first wife, who died of illness just a few years after Astero's mother was born. Afterwards, he married Maiya Yu, a member of the Fen clan, and had four children together. Unfortunately, she died as well, and Astero's grandfather had not married since. 



"She treated me well," his mother had said when he asked if Maiya Yu had been spiteful towards her for not being her child. Astero had read many stories of evil stepmothers. However, she assured him that her stepmother was exceptionally kind towards her. "She always treated me like her own daughter. If she hadn't, I feel as if I would not be as close to them as I am." 



"Who are you closest to?" he had asked, curious. 



She thought for a moment before saying, "Probably Zhilin. But I love them all, of course." 



"Why Uncle Zhilin?" He thought she would have said Auntie Anji.



His mother sighed. "I was actually supposed to be the heir of the Fen clan until your father came. Our marriage was sudden, and Linlin barely had any time to prepare to be the clan heir. He was only thirteen years old when I left, and he had cried and begged me not to leave, saying he couldn't do it, that he needed me. Of course I felt terrible for leaving all of them, but him most of all. He had so much responsibility suddenly thrust upon him." Her eyes were sad, but there was also a touch of guilt, something Astero recognized very well. "The Fen and Elessai clans' relationship was still unstable, so I was not allowed to communicate with anyone when I married your father. But when Linlin started secretly sending me letters, asking me for help on a variety of things and asking me how I was doing, I couldn't bear to ignore him. I couldn't send letters to my other siblings. It would have been too risky. But my little brother needed my help." 



"So the only person you've been in contact with was Uncle Zhilin?" 



She nodded. Then, she gave him a stern look. "Don't tell your father." 



This was the longest Astero had gone without seeing his father. While he did miss him, Astero also felt relieved. He had a feeling his father was quite disappointed with him over a number of things. His lack of talent in anything the Elessai specialized in, for one. Their disagreements over his engagement, for another. 



Astero knew his father loved him and his mother. But it was just... hard. He needed a break, and being in the Fen clan gave him that. He trained in martial arts with Xen. His Auntie Anji taught him how to wield a sword. His Uncle Luxian helped him train alongside the army. His Auntie Meira was a skilled diplomat, and Astero accompanied her to meetings with other clans. His Uncle Zhilin was skilled in science, and he often showed Astero his experiments. It was how Astero was able to find the formula to make the paralysis needle. 



He was even able to spend time with his grandfather. Raigo Fen was a stoic man who rarely showed emotion on his face. When they first met, Astero knelt and bowed along with his mother in front of him. 



"Rise," he had said, voice slow and deep. The two of them stood, and Astero shifted nervously. "So this is the grandson I've heard about." 



"Yes, father," replied his mother. "Astero Elessai." 



"I have heard he is not blood related." 



Astero stiffened, but his mother simply nodded. "Yes, father." 



"He looks like a Fen." 



"So I've been told." 



"I'm glad he doesn't look like that scoundrel of a husband of yours." 



Astero looked up in surprise. 



"Come here, child," he had said, beckoning Astero to come closer. 



He walked forward on unsteady legs, climbing the stairs of the dais. Raigo Fen stood up to face Astero, his face still expressionless, but in his eyes, there was a look of fondness. "What would you like for dinner?" 



Astero was taken aback, having not expected a question like that. "Ah, I'm... I'm not sure." 



"Any desserts you like?" he pressed. It seemed almost comical, the way he asked these questions with a stone face. 



"...Blackberry pie?" 



His grandfather nodded. He signaled for one of the servants standing towards the side to approach him. "Tell the cooks to make blackberry pie for dessert." 



"Yes, my lord." 



"Is there anything else you would like?" Astero's grandfather asked. 



He smiled, his chest filling with warmth. "Dragonfruit tarts?" They were his mother's favorite.



Astero heard her laugh behind him. 



A hint of a smile graced Raigo Fen's features. "Of course." 



However, he spent the most time with his mother. She took him into town and showed him all her favorite stores and food stalls. She showed him her old room and the places she played as a child. She even took him to her mother's grave, and Astero silently thanked his grandmother for giving birth to his mother. 



The entire family had dinner together most nights. Auntie Anji and Uncle Luxian would argue over who could eat more. Auntie Meira would look at them disgustedly while Cy Ong would gaze fondly at Auntie Anji. Uncle Zhilin would try to stop them while also feeding little Yin. His wife would simply laugh at their antics. Astero's grandfather would remain expressionless and eat his dinner. And his mother would smile brighter than the sun on a bright summer day. Astero's heart warmed at seeing how big his family truly was. 



Saying goodbye to them was more painful than he had anticipated. On the last day of their trip, Astero and his mother stood on the docks, a rowboat waiting to take them into the town where their carriage waited to take them home. Auntie Anji was crying, and Uncle Zhilin was close to tears. Uncle Luxian was smiling, but his eyes showed deep sadness. Auntie Meira was as expressionless as her father, but it looked as if she was trying not to cry. Astero's grandfather wasn't there, as he said he had duties to attend to. His mother said that was likely an excuse. She explained how he couldn't stand goodbyes, as he never even said goodbye to her the day she got married. 



"We can write to you now, right?" asked his Auntie Anji through sniffles. 



Astero's mother nodded. It looked as if she were holding back tears as well.



"And you'll write back?" 



His mother stepped forward to wrap her arms around her youngest sister, who began to sob uncontrollably. 



"Of course I will," she reassured. 



As they cried together, Uncle Zhilin walked up to him and placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. "Take care of her." 



Astero nodded determinedly. Out of everyone in the world, he loved his mother most. And he understood how much her siblings loved her as well. He would not fail them. 



"When will you come back?" Auntie Meira asked. "Will Kairo Elessai allow us to visit as well?" 

 

"I can talk to him." His mother sighed. "But I think it's father you'd have to convince." 



"We'll convince him," said Uncle Luxian, resting his elbow on top of Auntie Meira's head. She glanced up at him with an annoyed look, and Astero couldn't help but laugh. 



"My lady," said one of the Elessai guards already in a boat that would follow theirs. "We should leave soon." 



Auntie Anji burst into sobs again. Uncle Zhilin put a comforting arm around her, but Astero could see his eyes filling with glistening tears.



"Of course," said his mother. Astero stepped into the boat and helped his mother in as well. When they were both seated, the boatman began to row, taking them away from the docks.



Astero saw them waving, and he waved back at them for his mother who faced away from them. He tried not to think about the ache in his chest that suddenly appeared the moment the boat set off. 



Then, near the docks, behind a pillar on one of the pavilions, Astero saw Xen. He was watching as their boat sailed away, and it would have been a bit bone-chilling if Astero didn't know him. He gave a light wave and wasn't expecting anything in return. Indeed, all Xen did was slip behind the pillar and disappear. 



The mood on the journey home was somber. His mother was depressed, and Astero felt more or less the same. However, he had something to look forward to. 



There was a celebration in the Elessai clan when they arrived home. Astero's father had thrown a feast. The moment they arrived, he wrapped Astero up in a hug, and it suddenly occurred to him that he did, in fact, miss his father. 



That evening, Astero informed his parents that he would like to travel for a few days, and he insisted on going alone. 



"Why now?" his mother asked curiously. 



"I've learned that traveling helps with poetry inspiration," he replied, putting on a plastic smile. 



However, they seemed to buy it. Astero's father placed a firm hand on his shoulder, and in his eyes, Astero saw pride. "I'm sure you'll come up with something wonderful." 



And so that morning, Astero set off for the northern stairway on horseback on his own, having reassured his parents he could take care of himself. He was, after all, somewhat well-versed in martial arts now. In the Fen clan, he was only mediocre, but to the rest of the sky, he would be quite skilled. 



On the way there, he changed out of his purple tunic into a plain brown one. It would be safer if no one knew his identity. 



It was only a days' journey to the Ozario clan, as they were the closest one to Elessai territory. The rumors were indeed true. The marketplace was nearly deserted, and people he did come across looked miserable and hungry. He left his horse in the town stables and continued on foot. It was likely to be stolen, but Astero couldn't seem to care.



When he came upon the manor, the beautiful flowers he had seen there before had all withered and died. 



This was all his doing. He was the sole reason the Ozario clan fell into ruin. Just beyond the manor doors was Lord and Lady Ozario. He could go to them and apologize. But it would be pointless. What he needed to do was find her. 



She was alive. She had to be. 



Most people in the sky believed that those who were sent to the ground were eaten alive by the barbaric animalistic humans on the ground. They believed they were monsters. No one knew that they were simply human, that Astero was one of them. 



At last, he reached the stairway. Two guards stood by the entrance, and Astero had to find some way around them. He snuck through the bushes, two paralysis needles in hand. Holding his breath and walking as silently as possible, he slowly creeped up to the guards, and as quickly as he could, Astero pricked the needles into their necks. 



He did not stay to find out if it worked. Astero hastily ran for the top of the spiral staircase. He grabbed onto the railing and took a deep breath.



Gazing with feelings of indignation at the large spiral staircase he climbed many years ago, Astero began his descent into the hell he once lived in.