The sun was setting, and Rosella still hadn't returned. Astero had spent most of the day in his bed, lying helpless and tired. Rosella had left enough food and drinks by his bedside, so he rarely had to get up, but he managed to find the strength to go downstairs and clean his empty plates and cups. He also cleaned the house a bit once he realized Rosella was running late, wanting to take at least one job off her hands while she was out. 



However, the sky grew darker, and Astero began to grow uneasy. He tried to convince himself that Rosella had been on plenty of jobs without him, and there was no reason for him to worry. And yet, as day turned to night, Astero couldn't help but feel worried. 



When he heard the front door open, Astero stood quickly from his seat at the dining table, relief immediately washing over him. "Rosella!" he exclaimed. 



That relief quickly turned to dread when he saw that it was not Rosella who walked through the door. 



"Just me!" Jayda smiled as she closed the door behind her. "Is she not back yet?" 



Astero's heartbeat thudded in his ears. "No, she's not." His voice sounded miles away. 



He did not know what sort of expression he wore on his face, but it was enough for Jayda to hurry over to him and pat his shoulder comfortingly. "I'm sure she's fine. Perhaps she was too lazy to cook dinner, so she's out buying food somewhere," Jayda said lightly. 



"She said this job wouldn't take too long." 



"Things change on the job." Jayda hung up her shawl and took a seat at the table. "As long as she's making enough money to pay me, that's all I care about." 



Astero had lost count at how many times he wanted to throw something at her. 



"I'm sure she'll be back any minute," assured Jayda. "I'm starving! Aren't you?" she asked with a sickeningly sweet smile. 



He had had enough. "I'm going to look for her." Astero strode towards the door and nearly broke the handle with how forcefully he opened it. 



"Young Master!" He heard Jayda call after him, but Astero did not stop. He ran towards the direction of the banquet hall, ignoring how tired and dizzy he felt from his sickness. 



The sky grew darker and darker, and few people were still outside. Astero ran all the way to the banquet hall, and all the while, his head spun, and his legs nearly gave out. When he finally reached the building, Astero pushed open the doors and ran up to the first person he saw. 



"Where are the servants from the banquet?" he demanded. 



The person's eyes widened. "Ah — the banquet ended hours ago. Everyone went home." 



"Is Rosella still here?" he asked hurriedly. 



The person in front of him blinked. "Who?" 



Trying not to take out his frustrations on this stranger, Astero turned around and exited the building, running back the way he came. 



Where could she have gone? 



As he ran, rain began to fall. Astero's vision grew blurry, and he stumbled to the side of the pathway, leaning against a house. Panting, Astero sat down on the ground, trying to slow his breathing. This wasn't the time to panic. He couldn't afford to focus on his condition right now. Rosella was missing, and perhaps he was simply overreacting, and Jayda was right about her buying food for dinner, and she could have been back at the house already, waiting at the dinner table for him to return... 



But on the off chance that she wasn't, he could not stop now. 



Then, far in the distance, Astero saw the white fence that surrounded the nearby meadow that led to the forest. A strange shadow lay against it, and Astero normally wouldn't have bothered to see what it was, but something about it looked familiar. As we walked closer and closer, he could barely make out a human shape slumped against the fence. He stepped closer. 



When Astero had lived on the ground, a man he stayed with snapped his arm after Astero tried to steal some of his food. The pain had been excruciating, and he remembered it so clearly because since then, he had never felt any pain like it. 



But somehow, seeing Rosella at this very moment, that painful feeling from long ago did not even come close. 



He lurched forward onto the ground in front of her, clutching her cold hands. "Rosella," he whispered. 



Her eyes remained closed. He pushed aside the strands of hair that covered her face. He placed his shaking hands on the sides of her face, hoping that she would open her eyes. The mere though of never seeing their amber glow in the morning sunlight shattered his heart, and he was grateful for the rain that overshadowed his own tears. 



"Rosella, please," he begged, resting his forehead against hers. He shut his eyes, wishing this was only a nightmare. "Please, please, please." 



How pathetic he was, having failed her twice. 



He didn't know any doctors in the village. He didn't know where to get help. He was worthless. 



"Astero?" 



His eyes snapped open, and he saw that Rosella had opened her eyes. They looked tired and drained, but they were open. 



Overcome with relief, Astero wrapped her up in his arms, sobbing into her shoulder. 



"I'm sorry," she said quietly into his ear. "I left the hat you gave me." 



He choked out a laugh. "I'll buy you a new one." 



"Don't waste your money." She sounded like she was smiling. 



"It's not a waste if it's for you." 



"Don't flirt with me." 



"I'm serious." 



"Also, I'm afraid I cannot hug you back. I can barely feel my arms." 



Astero immediately reeled back. "What happened?" 



She sighed. "I will tell you, I promise. Can we go home first?" 



He nodded. "Of course." However, Astero did not want her walking in the rain in her condition. Ignoring every ache in his body, Astero swooped one arm under her knees, and he gripped her waist with his other arm. He easily lifted her into the air, and he walked them both back to Jayda's house. 



Normally, she would have argued. However, Rosella seemed much too tired to do anything. She rested her head against his chest and smiled. "Thank you." 



Astero hoped she couldn't feel his embarrassingly rapid heartbeat. "It's the least I can do." 



She shook her head. "Thank you for finding me." 



I would have torn this whole village apart just to find you.



"You're so kind," she continued. 



Only to you.



"You never ask for anything in return." 



I would never ask anything of you.



"Will you stay with me?" she asked. "Just for a bit longer? Before you go back home?" 



My home is your home. I took it from you.



"I will," he said, feeling the heavy weight of guilt. 



He had failed her again.