Astero's negative feelings for Jayda had subsided a bit once she showed how concerned she was for Rosella. The moment he carried her in through the doorway, she left to get a doctor. 



"I didn't think she'd care that much," he mumbled, carrying Rosella up the stairs. 



"Neither did I," she murmured, seeming genuinely surprised. Then, she smiled. "She probably just wants to make sure I pay her the money for this job." 



He scoffed. "That's likely." 



Once they made it to her room, Astero set her down on the bed, sitting up. She looked to be in bad shape. Her gray dress was stained with mud, and the sleeves had multiple cuts on them, showing her blood-stained arms. Her hair was a tangled mess, and her eyes looked tired. 



"Are you going to tell me what happened?" he asked, sitting down on the edge of the bed. 



She sighed, averting her eyes. "I saw someone I knew before. We... did not get along." 



He knew she wasn't telling him the whole truth, but Astero decided not to pry. 



"I ran from the banquet hall and ended up there." 



"And your arms?"



"I fell." 



Astero felt an ache in his chest. She refused to look at him, and he knew she was lying. Did she not trust him enough to tell him the truth? 



She seemed to notice how hurt he looked, so Rosella took one of his hands in her own. "I fell on broken glass from a vase I smashed against his head."



"What." 



"He had cornered me in the washroom — " 



"What." 



"And so I... did that." 



"Rosella." 



Her eyes widened. "I might have killed him," she breathed, panic overtaking her features. "What if I killed him?" 



Astero placed his hands on her shoulders, looking down into her eyes. "You didn't. I'm sure there would have been a bigger commotion if you had." 



She closed her eyes and sighed with relief. "Good." 



"How did you know him?" 



Rosella tensed. "He — "



"In here," said Jayda's voice at the door. 



Both of them turned to see Jayda and another woman, presumably the doctor, step into the room. 



"Hello, Rosella," she said, smiling kindly. "How are you feeling?" 



"Better," she replied. "It's just my arms." 



"Let me take a look." She glanced at Astero, who stood up to let the doctor sit at Rosella's bedside. 



"I'm Lyza Che," the doctor said. "I don't believe I've treated you before." 



Rosella laughed lightly. "I don't usually get sick or injured." 



The doctor raised her eyebrows questioningly, as if she found that hard to believe. "Can I see your arms?" 



Rosella obediently showed her. 



Lyza Che reached into her medical kit and pulled out a pair of scissors. "Is it okay if I cut the sleeves?" 



She nodded. 



As the doctor cut away the gray fabric, Astero noticed Jayda standing by the doorway, looking uneasy. She cast a nervous glance at Astero, then quickly looked away. 



"Can you tell me how this happened?" Lyza Che asked. 



"I fell on broken glass," Rosella replied, not giving more information than that." 



Once her sleeves were cut away, the doctor worked on cleaning Rosella's wounds. There was so much dried blood, and Astero clenched his fists, trying to calm his anger. 



Rosella had seemed relieved at the thought of having not killed him. However, if Astero ever laid eyes on him, he would likely not hesitate to do harm. 



He had never killed anyone before. But for Rosella, he would do anything. 



Lyza Che held up a small jar. "This is a cream to put on your arms every day," she explained as she gathered her things. "They should be fine after a week or two." 



"Thank you, Lyza," said Jayda. "Young Master, would you please see her out?" 



He looked at her confusedly. She gave him a pointed look. 



"Ah, of course." Astero headed for the door. "Please follow me, Doctor Che." 



"Thank you," said Rosella as the doctor started to leave. "How... much do you charge?" 



"I'll cover it," Astero said immediately. 



Lyza Che nodded. "I'll discuss it as we head out." She turned to Rosella. "Take care." 



Rosella smiled at her. As Doctor Che turned around, Rosella glared at Astero. He simply grinned. 



He started down the stairs, Lyza Che following after him, both of them silent. When they reached the front door, Astero turned to her. "How much?" 



She shook her head. "No need. It wasn't much trouble." 



"Are you sure?" 



"It's the least I can do for her." Lyza Che shook her head in disbelief. "After what's going to happen." 



His blood ran cold. "What do you mean?" 



"Jayda went to speak with the leaders at the banquet hall. Rosella injured one of the town leaders." 



"He was going to hurt her," he whispered harshly. 



"I know," she said calmly. "Witnesses outside the washroom heard her screaming for help before she ran out." 



Astero clenched his jaw, feeling angrier than ever before. 



"But he is a town leader. He has power and money. He could ruin her life." 



"He's the one at fault!" 



"It doesn't matter." 



He ran his hand frustratedly through his hair, feeling helpless once again. 



"They're ordering her to leave this area, since this village is under the town's jurisdiction." 



"She's the one who has to leave?" 



"I'm sorry, but there's nothing we can do. Jayda tried persuading them to let her stay, but they won't allow it." 



"This is ridiculous. She did nothing!" 



"The fact of the matter is that she injured a powerful man. There's no way for her to come out of this unscathed." 



Astero looked up the stairs, seeing the light from Rosella's bedroom. He wished he could whisk her away to the sky and have her live in the Elessai manor, where servants would dote on her every day. He would shower her in flowers and give her anything she wanted. His life goal was to repay the debt he owed her, but he felt as if he would never be able to do it.



"She's been through so much already," he said tiredly. 



Lyza Che smiled sadly. "Take care of her." Then she opened the front door and left. 



Astero leaned his back against the door, staring at nothing. He felt empty and worthless. If Rosella had never been sent to the ground, she would never have met that man, and this would never have happened. 



After a few moments, Jayda descended the stairs. When she reached the bottom, she looked at him pitifully. "Did Lyza explain everything?" 



He could barely nod. 



She sighed. "I told Rosella. They want her gone by morning." 



He couldn't even speak. 



"I assume you will go with her." 



Astero nodded again. 



Jayda's eyes glistened with unshed tears. She forced out a laugh. "I can't believe I'm actually going to miss her." 



He looked at her in surprise. 



She noticed his expression and cleared her throat, blinking away the tears. "Well, anyway. Good luck. Both of you." 



Astero smiled softly. "Thank you for letting us stay here." 



"Well, I needed someone to do the chores around here!" Jayda chuckled. "Oh, right." She reached into her dress pocket and pulled out a small bag. "The money for the job. Ten coins. Considering my agreement with Rosella, I should have six." 



He glared at her. 



She rolled her eyes and headed for the kitchen table, setting it down without taking any of it. "Tell her I said goodbye. I'm tired." Jayda went past the kitchen to her room and shut the door behind her. 



Astero walked over to the table and took the bag of coins. Knowing Rosella, the mere sight of money would make her feel better. 



He ascended the stairs and went back to her room, not expecting to walk in on her sobbing, her face buried in her cut-up arms, her knees tucked into her chest. 



Astero felt as if he were about to cry too, but he couldn't show weakness right now, not when she needed a strong shoulder to cry on. He went and sat next to her on the bed, placing an arm around her. "Jayda says goodbye." 



She leaned her head against him, wiping away her tears. "Have you come to say goodbye as well?" 



"I'm coming with you." 



"You don't even know where I'm going." 



"So?"



"What about your family? They're up north, aren't they? I'll probably have to head east." 



"I've always liked the east." 



"Astero." She looked up at him with tear-stained cheeks, her eyes beautiful as ever. "Are you really going to abandon your life here for me?" 



He abandoned her once. He would not do it again. 



"I mean, we just met two weeks ago." 



"And they've been the best two weeks of my life." 



She laughed, and it warmed his heart. "You're ridiculous." 



He smiled. "So I can come with you?" 



"Oh, now you're asking?" 



Astero laughed. It was so easy being happy around her. 



Suddenly, her expression turned melancholy. "I'll miss this place. I should've known something like this would happen. Something always happens." 



"It's not your fault." 



Rosella shrugged. 



"It's not," he insisted. 



"I make poor choices that come back to haunt me." 



Astero placed the bag of coins into her hands. "If I give you this, will you stop thinking it's your fault?" 



Her eyes widened in surprise. "You had this ready for this moment?" 



More laughter bubbled up inside of him. "It's the money from the job today." 



"Oh." She opened it and looked inside. "I need to give Jayda six." 



"She said you could have all of it." 



"She did?" 



"Well, she implied it." 



Rosella stared at the bag in wonder. He noticed the dark circles under her swollen eyes, and he released his arm from around her and stood up from the bed. "I'll let you rest. We'll be traveling tomorrow." 



She raised a weak fist into the air. "To the east we go, then." 



He smiled. Astero had spent two weeks away from home. He wondered what they had done about the wedding. If he were lucky, they would have found someone else to marry Melody off to. 



Because he definitely could not go back. At least, not without Rosella.