Before the sun could show itself through the windows, Rosella forced herself to wake up. As quietly as possible, she slipped out of bed and began to pack her things. 



In a large cloth bag, Rosella placed all her necessities, which wasn't much. A hair comb, a shawl, all the money she had, two spare dresses. She decided to wear the one Astero gave her, as it would be something to remember him by. 



She would leave before he woke, before he could leave behind his life for her. 



Rosella held the necklace he gave her, wondering if she should take it with her or leave it. It was so beautiful, a rare pink gem. It would be worth a fortune, but Rosella could never bring herself to sell it. She promised to make enough money to pay Astero back, but it would take years. 



Perhaps she should leave it for him to sell to get the money back. Rosella decided to leave it on the kitchen counter for him to find. She wanted desperately to wear it, to feel like an Ozario again, but she did not have the right to. Astero would find it. And hopefully, he would not come after her. 



Quietly, Rosella opened the door and slipped outside her room, hoping Astero was still sound asleep. The sun hadn't risen, and Astero rarely woke up before she did, so she was confident she could make her escape. 



However, when she descended the stairs, Astero was sitting at the kitchen table, wide awake, and judging by his cloak and packed bag, ready to go. 



He smiled, and Rosella groaned. 



"You don't seem happy to see me," he noted, standing up. 



"I was hoping not to," she grumbled. 



"I thought you might do something like this." Astero reached over and took her bag as well. "Ready to go?" 



Looking at his eyes that showed absolutely no hesitation, at that moment, Rosella decided to give up. No matter what she tried, he seemed to know her too well. And it wasn't like she didn't want him to come along. 



"I just want you to be sure about this," she said, looking into his dark eyes, trying to see any signs of doubt or reluctance. 



But she saw none. 



His face broke out into the brightest smile, and she couldn't help but smile back. Astero held out his hand. "Let's go?" 



Rather than taking it, Rosella handed him the necklace. He looked down at it, confused. For a moment, Rosella thought he might take it back. It was his, after all. However, Astero held both ends of it and placed it around her neck. She moved her hair aside for easier access, and the coldness of his fingers brushed against her skin, causing her to shiver involuntarily. Once the clasp was on, he stepped back, and she turned around to face him. 



Somehow, he looked happier than before. "It looks good on you. The dress, too." 



She reached for his hand and held it in her own, interlocking their fingers. His hand was warm and comforting. Rosella had spent years looking out for herself. She had always been alone, and while it felt strange to have someone to rely on, it also felt like bliss. 



It would take them a week of nonstop traveling to get to the east. Rosella had never been there, not even in the sky. She heard the weather was even warmer than the north in the summer, which made Rosella worried, for the heat was already enough in Onen. However, Astero said his mother was from the east, so the heat didn't bother him as much, as he seemed used to it. It would be nice to have him at her side there.  



The two of them walked along the village. It was early in the day, the sun barely showing itself amidst the land in the sky. This small village where Rosella had lived for just a few months began to feel like home. And now, because of her past mistakes, she would be leaving it behind. 



"Are you all right?" Astero asked as they strolled through the streets, his eyes full of concern.



Rosella sighed. "I just wonder if this same thing will happen in the east. And then it will keep happening until everyone in the whole world hates me, and I'll have nowhere left to go." 



"If that happens, I will stay by your side," Astero assured, squeezing her hand tighter. 



It was almost amusing how he didn't deny that was a possibility. 



"Do you know any nice places in the east?" Rosella asked. 



Astero nearly jumped, as if he wasn't expecting this question. He laughed, almost uncomfortably. "Uh... would I?" 



Rosella turned to look at him in confusion. "You said your mother was from there, and you had been there?" 



His eyes widened for a split second, but then he forcefully laughed. "Right! No, yes, I remember saying that, of course." 



"Of course." 



"Yes!" He continued to laugh, and Rosella began to grow concerned. "I'm sorry, my memory is not the best." 



"Clearly." 



He cleared his throat awkwardly. "It has been a long time since I've been there. I don't remember the place very well." 



Rosella smiled softly at him. "Then it will be an adventure for the both of us." 



Hand in hand, the pair made their way to the outskirts of the village, the sun slowly rising in the sky. Rosella turned back one last time. This was the place she lived the longest. Because it was in the north, she even felt close to her old home. This was where she finally found a woman to stay with, in a home she finally felt safe in. It was where she met Astero. 



She looked at him now, dressed as shabbily as her, his dark hair messier than when she had first seen him. There was a hint of fatigue in his features, likely from the hours of working, as well as his recent sickness. It might have just been her imagination, but he also looked thinner already. Dark circles under his eyes showed he had not been sleeping well, perhaps from the uncomfortable mat he had been sleeping on. And yet, those eyes, so beautiful and bright, never changed. 



Rosella wondered if he would think any different of her if he found out about her past. If he left, she would most likely be fine. She had spent so many years looking after herself, after all. But strangely enough, Rosella did not want to imagine what a future without him would be like. Perhaps she had grown attached. 



And that was never a good thing. 



"We can buy horses on the way there," he said as they walked along the road. "I'll pay, of course." 



She rolled her eyes, knowing she couldn't change his mind to just walk the whole way. It was what she would have done had she been alone. 



"Do you need anything else?" Astero asked. "More clothes?" 



Rosella shook her head. "I just want breakfast." 



"Here." Astero reached into one of his sacks and pulled out something wrapped in paper. He handed it to her, and Rosella took it from him skeptically. 



"What is this?" she asked, inspecting it. 



"Breakfast!" he replied cheerfully. 



She raised an eyebrow questioningly, but nevertheless, Rosella slowly unwrapped the paper. 



It was something akin to an egg tart, but Rosella couldn't be sure. 



"Where... did you get this?" she asked cautiously. 



He smiled so brightly, Rosella almost melted. "I made it!" 



Her eyes widened. She looked down at the thing Astero had made. Was it even edible? 



"I asked Gwenda how to make it," he said, seeming quite proud of himself. 



Gwenda was one of the bakers in the village, and she owned a pastry stall that sold delicious desserts. Rosella didn't know if she should blame this on Gwenda's teaching skills or Astero's ability to bake. Probably the latter. 



"It..." Rosella didn't know what to say. She looked up at him, and she didn't know what kind of face she was making, but Astero's smile slowly cracked. 



Rosella quickly smiled and said, "It looks delicious!" and ate it all in one bite. 



She did her best not to gag. 



"Really?" His eyes sparkled with delight. "I stayed up all night trying to make it." 



Her heart ached, and she convinced herself it was the best food she had ever had. "I loved it." 



"I made more if you're still hungry!" 



Rosella's stomach lurched at the thought of eating more, but she thought of Astero in the kitchen all night baking whatever this was just for her. Astero, someone who likely never had to cook for himself, did this for her. 



So she said she was hungry, and she ate three more until Rosella's stomach was on the brink of bringing it all back up. 



For two hours, the pair walked along the road, and the entire journey, Rosella barely noticed the pain in her feet, nor the sweat dripping down her face. With nothing to do but converse on the road heading east, all Rosella wanted was to learn every little thing about Astero. 



"Do you have siblings?" she had asked. 



He shook his head. "Do you?" 



"Two. An older brother and sister." 



He looked surprised. "You do?" 



"They're back home." Rosella pondered if she should tell him this, but perhaps it couldn't hurt. "I was actually banished from my home." 



Strangely enough, Astero didn't look surprised. "I'm so sorry," he said, looking dejected. 



She laughed, nudging his shoulder. "Always apologizing. Apologetic Astero." 



Astero chuckled half heartedly. "That's me." 



"They're twins," Rosella explained, wanting to talk about them, to feel closer to them somehow. "Five years older than me." 



He smiled. "Us, too." 



"Hmm?" 



"You're five... years..." Astero seemed to have come to a realization and closed his eyes, cringing. "Never mind." 



"I'm five years older than you?" Rosella had no idea when they had talked about their ages. She could have sworn it never came up. 



"What are their names?" he asked abruptly. 



"Crisanto and Willow. Why are you changing the subject?" 



"I know, you were talking about your siblings and I interrupted. I apologize." Astero bowed his head. 



"That's not — " 



"Were you close with them?" 



"I... yes, sort of." She decided to accept his desire to stay away from the topic of their ages. "I was closer to my brother." 



"Do you miss them?" he asked sadly. 



"Of course." Rosella missed her family more than anything. She gazed up at the sky, wondering what they were doing at this moment. She imagined her father had retired from clan leader duties, and perhaps Soro Crisanto had taken over as leader. Anle Willow would be at his side, protecting him always, hopefully when she returned from her travels around the sky. Anessia Aewin, Soro Crisanto's wife, would be there as well. Her mother and father would be living in a cottage somewhere in the Ozario clan hillsides, surrounded by flowers. 



The moment Rosella felt tears threatening to fall, she shook her head fiercely and laughed. "Why are we talking about me? I was going to ask you questions." 



"I want to know more about you," Astero replied easily, as if that didn't make her heart jump. 



"But I'd like to know more about you too," she insisted. "Did your parents love flowers as well?" 



"Hm? What makes you say that?" 



"Your name," she pointed out. "All my siblings and I are named after flowers. My parents loved gardening." 



Astero smiled, as if he were remembering something pleasant. "Yes, my mother loves flowers." 



"Asters are beautiful," said Rosella, grinning. "Your mother has good taste." 



He shook his head. "Roses are more beautiful," Astero insisted. "Especially pink ones." 



She rolled her eyes. "There you go flirting again." 



"Can't I have an opinion?" 



"You're cheeky." 



Astero winked, and Rosella laughed, unable to remember a time when she had been so happy. 



Until they reached a town to stop and rest, for two hours, the aster and the rose stayed side by side, as if they were the only two flowers in the whole world.