Kisani awoke before dawn. She sat up in the hospital bed, feeling so cold despite the heat of summer. Rubbing her arms to warm up, Kisani wondered if it was all a nightmare. 



Her new friend, Kona, from the sky. 



Ever since she was a child, Kisani despised her father. He indulged himself with an abundance of liquor, constantly abused her mother, and was so obsessed with returning to the place that abandoned him. Having gambled away all their life savings, he believed the sky to be their only salvation. After losing his only hope of getting there, Kisani saw him slouched over the kitchen table day by day until he finally drank himself to death. Just a few years after that, her brother died due to the unknown illness their father had, leaving Kisani and her mother alone. 



Kisani's mother rarely visited her in the hospital. She worked for the village's security, finding and taking criminals to the prisons. Criminals included thieves, murderers, and anyone from the sky. 



Burying her face in her hands, tears of frustration spilled from her eyes. She had only known Kona for a short time, but they had already become good friends. The last thing Kisani wanted was to see her friend go to prison. 



Having spent over five years in the hospital, friends came and went. Minnie, Damien, and Lawrence were just the new group of friends she had met, but before them, there was Lina, Tobias, Flynn, Iris, Vin, Fiona, Georgina, Ariel, and probably more that she had just forgotten the names, but she would remember all of their faces. Some came back to visit. Some said they would but never did. 



Kona was supposed to be another one of them. Just a friend who came to the hospital and who would eventually leave. She was a strange girl appearing out of nowhere, rushed into the hospital with arms so bloody Kisani thought they were her sleeves. She seemed unused to social interaction, and Kisani tired her hardest to make Kona feel welcome. 



Kona did not give much information about herself. They spent most of their days together, and Kisani only didn't see Kona during her regular checkups with Celeste after lunch. During the time they had known each other, Kisani learned that Kona was an orphan, and that they were the same age. She was born in the west but moved to the north. She was skilled with a knife and was essentially an acrobat. With her skills, she could have joined the circus. Kona loved music, and Kisani found this out when when she, Minnie, Damien, and Lawrence were out in front of the hospital, laying on the grass together. As they watched the clouds go by, Minnie started singing a nursery rhyme they all knew.



Dreaming of a blue sky

On the ground

Where the world up above

Will never look down 

Stella tried to touch the clouds 

And climbed for thirty days

But she fell into the ocean

And her body washed away



Kisani had chuckled at the song, remembering how the village children sang it growing up. Damien and Lawrenchad undoubtedly heard it before as well. However, Kona eyes sparkled with fascination. 



"What a beautiful song," she had breathed. 



As Kisani grew up, she knew the song was anything but beautiful, but Kona seemed to genuinely love it. 



When Kisani first saw Kona, she was anxious and distrusting, eyeing everyone around her with a suspicious gaze and always seeming on high alert. However, in just a short amount of time, Kona became more open, smiling when saw something that made her happy or giggling whenever Lawrence told a joke. Kona still did not talk about herself much, but she seemed happier nonetheless. 



Now, it all made sense. She never spoke of where she came from. She had never heard that nursery rhyme. Kona was from the sky. 



However, it didn't seem as if Kona was the same as her father. From the way she spoke, Kona talked as if she could get back up there easily, whereas her father tried and failed. 



Kisani's heart was torn between her new friendship with Kona and her hatred for the sky. Kona did not do anything to hurt her. On the contrary, she offered to help. What could Kona gain by helping her? None of it made sense. 



Her head ached from all this confusion, so Kisani laid back down and tried to fall asleep to no avail. She stared at the ceiling until light began shining through the windows, and a knock sounded at her door. 



She sat up with a start, heart thumping, thinking that it might have been Kona. 



"Kisani?" called Lawrence. "Are you gonna eat breakfast with us?" 



She breathed a sigh of relief. "I'll be right there!" Kisani called back. 



At the sound of Lawrence's retreating footsteps, Kisani slowly got out of bed and headed to the dining hall, fists clenched to keep herself from shaking. 



She desperately hoped Kona wasn't there. 



However, as luck would have it, when Kisani arrived at their usual table, Lawrence and Damien were seated next to each other, and Kona sat across from them, leaving Kisani to sit right by her. 



"Did you sleep in today?" Damien asked teasingly. 



Kisani did not answer. Her eyes were fixated on Kona, whose expression gave nothing away from last night. Kisani almost believed nothing had happened. 



But she knew her own mind could not conjure something as unbelievable as Kona coming from the sky. 



"Are you okay, Kisani?" Lawrence asked curiously. 



It took a while for her to realize that both Damien and Lawrence were staring at her with concern. 



Kona went on eating her breakfast as if nothing were happening. 



"I'm fine," she finally mumbled, sitting beside Kona. 



An invisible electricity sparked between the two, and Kisani shifted uneasily in her seat. 



"Are you gonna eat?" Damien asked, half jokingly, half concerned. 



"Ah, right." Kisani sighed, standing up from her seat. She glanced down at Kona, still eating, not saying a word. 



So Kisani got her breakfast and sat down in complete silence. As she ate, the voices of her own jumbled thoughts filled her head, with Damien and Lawrence's voices as background noise. Kona chimed in occasionally, but Kisani never did, and the others seemed to know better than to question her about it. 



She needed to talk to Kona. 



Once breakfast ended, Damien left for his usual checkup, with Lawrence pushing his wheelchair to the room, leaving Kisani and Kona together in a silence unbelievably deafening. 



She's not like father, Kisani told herself. 



"Do you want to go to the village square today?" Kisani asked nervously, fidgeting with her ice old fingers. 



Kona tilted her head in confusion. "Why?" 



Kisani believed that if Kona decided to join a theatre troupe as an actress, she would undoubtedly succeed. "Just to look around." 



"Sure." Kona stood up from her seat, and Kisani noticed fresh pink lines on Kona's bare arms. 



She inhaled sharply, but if Kona noticed, she said nothing about it. 



"Let's go," said Kona, heading towards the exit. 



Kisani followed on unsteady legs, lagging behind Kona as if she were a child following her mother around. The way Kona walked with an easy stride, arms full of scars swinging confidently by her sides, drove Kisani insane. How could she act so calm when it felt like Kisani's world was crumbling to pieces? 



They walked in silence to the heart of the village, where the shops and stalls invited crowds of people. The day was just beginning, so everyone was out and about, and Kisani had to push her way through the hoard, struggling to catch up to Kona, who walked easily through the crowd. 



"W - Wait, Kona!" Kisani called. 



Kona immediately stopped, perhaps hearing the desperation in Kisani's voice. She turned around to face her, expression calm. 



Kisani caught up to her, bending over to catch her breath. Raising her head, she gazed up at Kona, who was holding out a hand. "Are you all right?" 



No words came to Kisani in that moment. Kona looked the same as she always did. Her soft dark eyes. Her short black hair with a fringe straight across her forehead ending just above her eyebrows. She appeared young and innocent, even more youthful than her actual age. 



Kona was a friend. Kisani needed to remember that. 



Shakily, she took Kona's hand. Without saying a word, Kisani led the both of them to a secluded area in the village. It contained a few homes connected by dusty pathways, surrounded by small fences and grassy areas. It seemed as if no one were here. 



Kisani hadn't been in this area of the village for a long time, and her own home looked foreign to her. Not bearing to even look at it, she led Kona past the houses and through the small fence into the grassy field. The bright summer sun illuminated the meadow in warm light, and when Kisani gazed into the sky, the land up there, though so distant, appeared closer than ever. She could see the stairway from here, the never-ending stairway into the clouds.



"Why are we here?" Kona asked, her voice quiet. 



Kisani turned to face Kona, whose dark eyes almost looked golden in the sunlight. 



Kona is my friend.



"Go home," said Kisani, feeling a pang of sadness in her heart. "The stairway is not far from here." 



Kona's gaze hardened, and Kisani unconsciously took a step back. She had never seen Kona look so frightening. 



"Is that why you brought me here?" Kona sounded uncharacteristically cold. 



"You're not safe down here." 



"I can take care of myself." Kona stepped closer. They were the same height, but Kisani felt so small. "I could kill anyone I wanted to." 



Kisani swallowed, her heartbeat quickening. "Are you going to kill me?"



For a moment, the two faced each other in silence. Kisani couldn't tell what Kona was thinking. 



Then, Kona sighed and looked away. "I offered to help you. Why would I kill you?" 



"I can't accept your help." 



"I know." 



"So why are you still here?" 



Kona turned around, seeming exasperated. "I'm not here for you. I have something I must do." 



Kisani was intrigued. "In Ludha?" 



Kona paused, caught off guard. "N - Not exactly." 



"Then why are you here?" 



"Because — !" Kona seemed frustrated. "Why do you care, Kisani?" 



Kisani was taken aback at the question, and seeing the emotion on Kona's face struck her into silence. 



"You didn't want my help." Kona's face reddened with anger. "You said you'd rather die." 



"You're still my friend!" Kisani protested, grabbing Kona's hand with all her strength, refusing to let go even as Kona struggled out of her grip. "I don't know what to think anymore." 



The hospital Kisani stayed at was entirely for children, and having stayed there for years, she was among the eldest of the residents. Kisani watched friends come and go as she remained, stagnant and miserable until her death. As her time came nearer and nearer, as she waited for her last breaths, Kona arrived. 



Kona was a girl her age, someone Kisani didn't feel she had to take care of like an older sister. She could confide in Kona, relay all her worries without appearing weak. Over the last two weeks, they had spoken to each other so much that Kona's voice was imprinted into her mind. A quiet, mysterious voice that spoke in a harsh western dialect, yet she could still hear the relaxed tone of the north. It was a voice that became excited when hearing a song. It was the voice that took her mind off her horrible fate. 



"The only person from the sky I've ever met was my father." Kisani had never told anyone about the origin of her illness or her family. But the one person she did tell happened to be from the sky. Perhaps fate was playing with her. "I hated him so much. But I don't hate you." 



Kona's angered eyes softened. "I stayed here because... I finally felt like I had real friends." 



Kisani closed her eyes, feeling Kona's words like a knife in her chest.