Walking into her house with a heavy heart, Kisani nearly collapsed against the wall. After the exchange with Kona, Kisani felt more confused than ever before. 



Before Kisani could even form a thought, Kona ran away into the bustling market, leaving Kisani in the middle of nothingness, feeling a sudden coldness in the hand that held Kona's. 



"Who was that?" 



A cold voice washed over Kisani, shocking her back into reality. 



At the kitchen table sat her mother, with eyes so empty it was like looking at a statue. Her face appeared sunken in, and her normally thick brown hair seemed thinner. She looked more ill than the dying patients in the hospital. 



It had been weeks since Kisani had last seen her mother. How could she have changed so much in such a short time? 



"It has been a while." Kisani's mother stood, and despite her sickly visage, appeared tall and domineering. She held out her arms and gave Kisani a thin smile. "Come." 



Cautiously, Kisani ambled towards her mother on unsteady legs, feeling as if she could topple over at any second. The walk to the kitchen table seemed to last for an eternity as her mother's strange aura loomed closer and closer. 



Kisani walked into her mother's arms, trembling at the ice cold embrace. 



The grip tightened. "Who was that?" Although her mother's voice was gentle, Kisani heard the underlying demand. 



"A friend," she replied quietly. "Kona." 



"Speak up, I can barely hear you." 



Kisani flinched. "A friend," she said louder. "Her name is Kona." 



"I've never met her before." 



You haven't met a lot of my friends.



"What were you two discussing?" her mother asked, letting Kisani out of the embrace and staring her dead in the eye. "It looked quite serious." 



Kisani froze. "We were... just talking." 



Her mother eyed her suspiciously, scrutinizing Kisani under those coal black eyes. 



Ever since her father and brother died, Kisani's mother had become much more dedicated to her job, especially for capturing people from the sky. 



"Kisa," her mother said softly, "you know, my hearing has gotten a lot worse." 



She nodded, a feeling of dread creeping up on her. 



"I've gotten very good at reading lips." 



Instinctively, Kisani grabbed her mother's arms. "Mother, please," she begged, an overwhelming fear taking over. 



"She's from the sky." Her mother spat out the words like poison. "Do you know why people from the sky are sent down here? They were criminals up there. She is a criminal." 



Kisani froze. "What?" 



Her mother sighed frustratedly. "They send people down here for the worst crimes imaginable. They believe it is a fate worse than death." She grabbed Kisani's shoulders and leaned forward, their eyes so close Kisani could see every bit of rage behind them. "Do you understand?" 



She shook her head, feeling her own breathing rapidly increasing. "Kona's not a criminal." 



"Kisani!" her mother snapped. "Stop being naive!" 



"Kona's not a criminal!" Kisani cried. The weeks they spent together, the moments they shared. All of that could not have been a lie. 



Her mother scoffed, rolling her eyes. "I've interrogated enough people from the sky to know. Most of them are sent here for murder or assault. These are the most serious of crimes, Kisani. Your father was sent here for attempted murder, remember?" 



She wanted to say that Kona would never do either of those things. Kona was kind and sweet and never did anything wrong to Kisani and her other friends. She laughed at their jokes, comforted Kisani when Minnie left, and even offered to help cure her illness. 



"Kona said she had something she needed to do," Kisani insisted. "That's why she's here. She's not a criminal." 



Her mother gave her a look that seemed a lot like pity. "She is capable of lying, you know." 



"I believe her," Kisani stated, although her voice wavered. 



"Of course you do." Her mother sat back down in her chair, sighing exasperatedly. "I believed your father, too. I believed he could save our family. And look what happened." Gesturing exaggeratedly at their surroundings, she said, "Look what happened to our family."



Kisani looked at the kitchen table, remembering her and her brother sitting there side by side, him always picking at his food and her scolding him for doing so. She saw him hiding her under the table and covering her ears while their father beat their mother endlessly. As she cried and trembled and prayed for it to stop, he would hold her hands and would never let go. She glanced at the small room on the other side and saw him lying on the mat, face as white as a sheet, telling her to get their mother because he didn't feel well. In her head, she pictured the hospital room where he died in his bed of the illness their father brought with him to the ground. 



She also saw her mother, bloody and bruised on the kitchen floor every time she managed to incur his wrath. Her mother began to fade away, no longer even visiting her brother in the hospital, no longer coming home to see Kisani. 



She even thought of herself, dead in a month. 



"It's all his fault," her mother snarled through gritted teeth. "And that girl is a criminal who will only end up hurting you." 



"No." Kisani shook her head, stumbling backwards, almost tripping over her own feet. "She wanted to help. She wanted to cure me. She... She said she would take me up there — " 



Her mother laughed, and the sound was like something out of a nightmare, making Kisani's blood curdle. "We are forbidden from going up there, you stupid girl." She stood up from her chair, walking towards Kisani, her footsteps booming in Kisani's ears. "You would have been killed by guards the moment you even attempted it." 



"She might have had some way — "



"Even if the guards down here did not kill you, you would be killed up there." Her mother moved closer until she was right in front of Kisani, towering over her menacingly. "Can you not understand?" 



"But — !" Kisani's breaths came out harshly. "What reason would she have to kill me?" 



Sighing, her mother bent down so they could see eye to eye. "Sometimes there is no reason. Those people up there hate us, and she is one of them." 



She is one of them.



Kona's face began to twist inside Kisani's mind. All the smiles and laughter, all the tears and memories. Kona's face in all their moments together warped and morphed into evil grins and insincerity. Shadows radiated from her body, the traces of her malicious heart seeping through the cracks. She began to look like a monster. 



"This whole time... she was just trying to kill me?" Kisani whispered, barely getting her voice to work. 



It was likely her mother couldn't hear her, but judging from her nod, she had read Kisani's lips. 



Staring into nothing, Kisani felt her cheeks dampen as unexpected tears fell. 



She was never my friend.



Kisani's mother pulled her into another embrace, and Kisani felt all the strength leave her as she cried in her mother's arms. 



"This is what they do," her mother said sadly. "Their kind has hurt us for centuries. Nothing has changed." 



Kisani grabbed onto her mother tighter, sobbing louder. 



"My poor girl." She rubbed Kisani's back gently. "I will take care of this for you." 



For the rest of the day, Kisani laid in the bed in her own home, staring at the ceiling, feeling so hollow she thought she might as well die at that moment.