Willow thought the little girl was a wounded dog licking its wounds. She saw the blood first, followed by the pungent odor. Stepping around the corner, she came face to face with a creature covered in filth, with arms and legs as thin as bone. It wasn't until Willow saw her eyes, thin and dark and blazing with suspicion, that she realized it was a human girl. 



Homeless orphans were not uncommon in the Sanu clan. They were, however, treated far worse compared to other clans. The few orphanages that existed were run-down and poorly managed, and neither the Sanu family nor the other nobles were interested in doing anything about it. 



The Sanu clan had an abundance of wealth, spent mostly on warfare and riches for the noble families. The Sanu clan manor was beautiful. It was entirely one-story, but the area it covered spanned over a great distance. Surrounded by a botanical garden, with gorgeous stone pathways, bonsai trees, and little streams filled with koi fish, Willow was certain it was the most beautiful manor she had seen. Because the nobles lived in such luxury, this left most of the citizens to rot. The lower towns were in terrible shape. Crime and poverty overtook those areas, and since the Sanu were at war with the Fen, the towns were occasionally soaked with blood. 



She had stayed in the Sanu clan for just a few months, visiting every town she could. This town was in a particularly bad spot, being the most eastern spot in the western clan. Whenever the Fen attacked, this town was the first one to go through. However, this girl seemed to be in the worst shape out of everyone Willow had seen there. 



The girl's arms and legs were a mix of brown and red, as dirt and dried blood coated her body. A mess of shredded fabric covered her torso. Her face was barely visible amidst the soot, and only her eyes could be clearly seen. They were hooded and sharp and stared at Willow. 



Staring in horror, Willow could not even give a comforting smile. "What happened to you?"



The girl said nothing. She gazed back at Willow, who started to feel uncomfortable. 



"Here, let me help," said Willow, stepping closer. 



The girl flinched back and whipped out a sharp blade, pointing it directly at Willow. 



Willow had learned how to fight by studying Fen clan warriors. She knew how to recognize an attack and how to react quickly. However, this girl had no intention of attacking and would only seem to use the blade in self-defense. 



So she said softly, "I just want to help you." 



Her eyes only blazed with more suspicion. 



This made Willow frustrated, so she said more firmly, "If you don't get help, you'll bleed out and die." 



The knife wavered ever so slightly. 



"Can you stand?" 



Willow saw the girl hesitate, but after a moment, she slowly nodded. Pushing herself up to stand on her frighteningly thin legs, Willow was almost afraid the girl would topple over, but she made no attempts to help. That would likely only scare her. 



Once she was fully standing, Willow said, "My house is not far from here. I have medical supplies I can treat you with." She started walking, and after hearing the tiny footsteps following behind her, she breathed a sigh of relief. 



Willow's home in the Sanu clan was a small shack in the village that she bought for less than the normal price of a dress in any other clan. She rarely stated there, spending most of her time traveling throughout the clan's many towns and villages. However, it was perfect for times like this. 



The little girl followed her through the dreary village, and Willow walked slow enough to allow her to keep up. Every now and then, Willow glanced over her shoulder, and the girl was always staring right at her, eyes full of suspicion with a hint of curiosity. 



"Do you speak?" Willow asked. 



"Yes," the girl replied, so quiet Willow almost missed it. Her voice sounded rough, as if it hadn't been used in a while. 



"What's your name?" 



"Kona." 



"Where are your parents?" 



She shrugged. 



"Where do you live?" 



"Where you found me." 



Willow shook her head in disbelief. "Don't they have an orphanage you can stay in?" 



When Willow glanced back, Kona rolled her eyes. "It's worse in the orphanage." 



Before Willow could reply, someone shouted, "Stop that girl!" and came hurtling towards them from the marketplace street. 



Willow turned to Kona, but the girl had already taken off running. 



"Stop her!" The man stopped by Willow, panting, pure rage on his face. "Go on, get her!" 



And she did, not because she took orders from anyone, but because the girl was hurt and alone, and either she went after Kona or the man would. Willow sprinted in the direction Kona took off running, passing by curious onlookers. 



It wasn't hard catching up to Kona. The girl was fast, but compared to Willow, there was hardly competition. Willow ran in front of Kona and stopped, forcing the girl to stop in her tracks as well. 



Panic filled Kona's eyes, and she glanced in all directions around her for an escape route. Realizing that in front was Willow, behind her was the man, and to her sides were throngs of villagers standing by. 



Kona moved to one side and took out her knife, and when the man finally caught up to them, she waved it between him and Willow, baring her teeth like a rabid animal. 



The man stomped towards her angrily, his arms outstretched as if to grab her. Willow heard Kona suck in a breath, and the fierce stare the girl had earlier turned into fear. 



In a split second, Willow was in between them, shielding Kona protectively. "What do you think you're doing?" she demanded. 



"This girl stole from me!" he yelled, spitting as he spoke. 



Willow craned her neck to face Kona, who looked up at her with guilty eyes. She gave her a reassuring smile before turning to face the man, scrutinizing him. "What did she steal?" 



"The clothes she's wearing!" he replied, fuming. "Stole it right from my cart!" 



Kona had been wearing a shirt that appeared to just be torn fabric loosely worn on her body. "It's already ripped apart," noted Willow. 



"Did that myself." The man seemed quite proud of himself. "I'll finish her off. Step aside." 



Willow did not know where this bout of rage came from, but suddenly, red appeared in her vision, and she pulled out a blade from a strap on her leg that had been hidden by a cloak. Pointing it directly at the man, she said through gritted teeth, "Do not touch her." 



The man scoffed, stepping closer. Willow felt a tug at her cloak, but she did not let her eyes leave the enemy in front of her. "Take another step, and you're a dead man." 



His eyes blazed with anger. "She's a thief!" 



"She's a child." 



"Child or not, criminals need to pay for their crimes." The man took another step. 



Willow brought up the knife, and in one swift arc, she cut open the man's throat. His eyes widened in horror, at the realization that death was upon him, and he fell to the ground face-first, blood spooling out from his wound. 



Being away from home for nine years, Willow had met all kinds of people. As a young woman traveling the sky alone, she had to learn how to be ruthless, or anyone could easily take advantage of her. She learned how to numb the painful feeling when killing someone, how to silence the part of her mind that called her a monster. 



For a moment, the village was shocked into silence. Then, as if they were used to such things happening, they all turned away and went about their business like nothing had happened. 



The tug at her cloak came again, and Willow turned to face the girl. 



Kona gazed at her curiously. "Why did you save me?" 



Willow bent down. She wasn't much taller than Kona. Soon, the girl would grow to tower over her, and the thought made Willow smile. "I decided I quite like you." 



"But — " Kona shook her head. "He was telling the truth. I stole from him." 



"And?" 



Kona looked bewildered. "You're not going to punish me?" 



"I will fix your wounds first." Willow held out a hand. "Then I will scold you and get you new clothes." 



Kona stared at Willow's hand. After a moment, she placed her own small hand into it. 



"Are you my guardian angel?" Kona whispered in amazement. 



Laughter bubbled up inside Willow, and the girl's previously suspicious and curious eyes seemed to sparkle. "I'm Willow. From now on, I'll take care of you."