The moment Rosella walked away, Astero wanted to disappear into thin air. The last thing he ever wanted to do in this world was make Rosella upset. And yet, he did exactly that. 



Still, he prodded for answers, and he got them. Astero only had himself to blame. Now he knew that a part of Rosella regretted helping him, and she was just too kind to admit it. 



He sighed, resting his head on his hand. Perhaps he should just go back to the sky and stop making her life miserable. Even she were on the ground, she would be away from him. And he would be up there, married to Melody, heir of the Elessai clan, continuing to live a life of lies and deceit. 



Yet, that still wouldn't be fair. He had a mother and father, a fiancée, aunts and uncles, cousins, a grandfather, friends. He never had to worry about finances or working. He never worried whether or not he'd be able to eat the next day. 



Astero did not belong up there. He could not exist in the sky without her. 



He scolded himself for even thinking of going back. There was promise etched into his heart. A promise to be with the person who saved his life, no matter what she was going through, no matter if she hated him. He would repay her with everything he had, even if she despised him. 



Of course Rosella would regret helping him. A thoughtless, idiotic little boy who selfishly climbed the stairway. That day fifteen years ago was the day Astero should have died. 



Rosella was the one who gave him a second chance at life. Even if she regretted it, he could not waste this opportunity to provide for her in the way she did for him. 



When Astero reached the top of that stairwell, he had been fully prepared to die. Despite just being a clueless child on the ground, even he knew what he had done was forbidden. Guards were chasing after him, large spears in hand. He had gazed at the sky, at the sunrise that took his breath away, and accepted his fate. 



But at that moment, a gentle hand took his, and his fate changed. 



His name, his purpose in life, even the poetry he wrote back home... it was all for her. Poetry was the only thing Astero was decent at in the Elessai clan. All it required were strong feelings of a certain kind, and that came easily to Astero. 



Feelings of guilt. Feelings of regret. Feelings of self-hatred. Feeling that he did not belong. Feeling that he took advantage of a kind person. Feeling that he had been lying to everyone around him his whole life. 



Everyone he loved only loved him because of his lies. His mother only took him in because she believed him to be a runaway orphan from the Fen clan. His mother's side of the family cared for him, but if they knew he was from the ground, they would arrest him in a heartbeat. Xen, his only true friend, did not know, so Astero hesitated to call him a true friend. Even his father only seemed to tolerate him nowadays without knowing his origin. 



He wondered, when Rosella was living up in the sky, what she had thought of people on the ground. She had to have seen the guards coming after him that day. Yet, she decided to help him anyway. 



That day was ingrained into Astero's memory like a claw that kept holding him down. Whenever he felt an inkling of happiness, a shred of liberation or worthiness, his crime would pop into his head, and it would all wash away. 



Many times, Astero genuinely wanted to die. 



About eight years after that fateful day, after four failed attempts at finding Rosella on the ground, Astero heard news that a noble from a western clan had been sent to the ground. Sending criminals to the ground was a rare occurrence, and news of it spread throughout the whole sky. It shook Astero to his bones, and he had locked himself in his room the whole day. Out of everyone in the sky, he was the worst criminal of all. He wanted to travel to the edge of the sky, to throw himself to the ground and die from the impact. But the rocky terrain and stormy mountains made it nearly impossible to reach the edge without dying. Like a coward, Astero did not pursue this death. 



Ten years after that fateful day, Darius and Maeryn Ozario passed away. And, having witnessed no one from his clan — nor any northern clan — planning to attend their funeral, Astero made an effort to sneak out himself. He had just come back from a "poetry inspiration excursion" to the ground, so he could not use that excuse. However, guards brought him back to the manor, and his father scolded him for attempting to attend the funeral. When he asked his father what was so wrong with attending, he said that the Ozarios have done nothing for the north lately, and they did not deserve the north's grief. 



After finding out how they died, that night, Astero tried to hang himself the same way. Before the deed could be done, he stopped. And he realized that death was an easier fate than what he put Rosella through. Than what he put the entire Ozario clan through. 



He imagined the ghosts of the late Lord and Lady Ozario watching him, and the claw held him down more painfully. He had never seen them in person, so their faceless ghosts haunted his dreams, whispering Rosella's name. 



Astero also often dreamt of Rosella pushing him off the edge of the sky. Those were the best dreams he had. 



Looking to the sky, the sunlight began to dim slightly. He wondered how much time had passed since Rosella left. Astero gazed at the trees she had disappeared into. That forest led to nowhere, and suddenly, he feared for her safety. What if she had been attacked? What if she were lost? 



Astero stood up quickly and sprinted for the trees, leaving all their food behind. If anything happened to her... He could not even bear the thought. His pace accelerated, not a rational thought going through his mind. All Astero could think about was finding her. 



When he reached the forest, a flash of white came hurtling towards him. It crashed into his chest and fell to the ground with a thud. 



The person dressed in white looked up at him, and Astero breathed a sigh of relief. 



"Oh thank the gods," he groaned, nearly collapsing to the ground next to her, closing his eyes in exasperation. 



"Why were you running?" Rosella demanded, fussing over her white dress that now donned stains from the soil. 



"Are you all right?" he asked, boosting himself into a standing position. He held out a hand to her. 



Rosella stared at his hand for a moment, and Astero's heart nearly stopped in fear that she truly hated him now, so much that she would not even touch him. 



Her eyes cast down to the forest floor. She looked smaller than ever. "I'm sorry." 



Astero was taken aback. "For what?" 



"I snapped at you and ran off like a child." 



Immediately, Astero knelt down beside her. Taking her hands into his own, he felt the rough calluses on her fingers, the dry skin from hours of working. He held them gently, as if they were as delicate as a flower petal. "You could never do me any wrong, Rosella." 



"Of course I can," she stressed, looking exasperated. 



He shook his head. Of course, she did not understand. "I'm the one who should apologize. I brought up bad memories for you." 



Rosella shrugged. "There is nothing I can do about it now, even if I wanted to." 



The two were silent for a moment. A question burned in Astero's throat, and although he dreaded hearing the answer, at the same time, he desperately want to. "If you could see that boy again, what would you do?" 



"What do you mean?" 



"Would you be upset with him?" 



"Astero, I don't know." Rosella pushed herself up to stand. Dusting off her now stained dress, she glanced down at him, still crouched on the forest floor. "It was so long ago. I don't remember what he looked like. I don't remember his name." 



There was no name to remember.



"I barely remember my own family's faces, let alone some child I knew for a day." 



Two days.



"It doesn't matter, anyway. I'm here now. The past is the past." She gave him a soft smile. "Besides, I would not have met you had I not been sent to the ground." Rosella grabbed his arms and hoisted him up. Looking into his eyes, she said sincerely, "If everything I had been through led me to you, it must be worth it." 



Astero quickly looked away and hastily wiped the tears that threatened to fall. "Let's head back." 



Rosella nodded. "I am still hungry." 



The two of them walked back to their picnic blanket, the sky already darkening. They finished all the food, talked until the stars came out, and even then, they did not go back to the inn until much, much later. Rosella told him about her life in the sky, how she used to be part of the Ozario family. She had lived in the Ozario manor which had the biggest, most beautiful garden in all the sky. Astero asked her questions and acted surprised, as if he hadn't already known all these things. 



He told her how much fun it must have been up there, how lovely it would be to see the sky so clearly. He did not tell her what he was really thinking. 



You would have been so much happier had you never met me.