"Mother!" Astero ran up to her, tugging her hand urgently. "Look, look!" 



Josemi looked where he pointed. One of the stands at the marketplace carried an assortment of golden hairpins, sunlight reflecting off them, like twinkling stars in the daytime. This stand seemed to have caught her son's eye, for the excitement in his expression compared to no other. 



"For you hair," he explained, as if she did not know. 



Laughter bubbled up inside her, and Josemi could not contain it. She patted the boy's head gently, his once roughly cut and grimy hair now thoroughly washed and neatly styled. The tattered old clothes Josemi had first seen him in were long gone, and now, he wore purple robes of linen, with sandals that fit him properly. 



Astero. Her little purple flower. 



Josemi accepted that she would never be able to bear children. Countless doctors were brought into the Elessai clan, and even the best ones from the Jourman clan concluded that she was barren. Growing up with four younger siblings, Josemi often treated them like her own children, and she dreamed of truly having her own someday. Unfortunately, that dream did not come into fruition, until just a few weeks ago.



She had no idea where he came from. Josemi assumed he had been living in an abusive home that never let him outside, as he tended to be surprised about many common things. For one, he was always looking up at the sky as if he had never seen it before. He would ask her if clouds came close enough to touch, and when she replied that sometimes they did, his eyes would sparkle with amazement. Walking through the marketplace often took hours, for Astero would stop at each and every stall, marveling at the trinkets or clothes or food they would sell. When Josemi took him to the sea for the first time, he had been afraid to go near it. Every time the waves crashed against the shore, he would flinch and grab her wrist, clutching so tightly her hand turned white. She would hold him close, reassuring him he had nothing to fear, and his breathing would return to normal as he instead looked to the sea with curiosity, trusting her words. To have someone rely on her so much, Josemi wanted to protect him with her life. 



She allowed him to lead her to the gold hairpins, and together, they looked over them, Astero pointing out each and every one that he believed Josemi should buy. 



"They are all so shiny," he marveled. 



The shopkeeper, a small old woman with soft eyes, smiled. "Young Lord, pick whichever one you'd like." 



His eyes lit up. "Really?"



With a nod, the lady gestured to the entire table. 



Astero's eyebrows scrunched together in thought, carefully examining each and every hairpin as if his life depended on it. After a few long minutes, he picked up one that had a bright red jewel in the center. 



"Can I have this one?" he asked. 



Smiling, the lady nodded. "Of course." 



Bursting with excitement, he handed the hairpin to Josemi. "For you, mother." 



She could not help it. Josemi crouched down and enveloped him in a hug, placing kisses on the top of his head. 



"You are the sweetest," she crooned, placing the hairpin on the side of her hair. "What do you think?" 



Astero smiled brightly, nodding in confirmation. 



"You look beautiful, Lady Elessai," said the shopkeeper. "No payment necessary." 



Josemi shook her head. "Nonsense, I must," she replied, reaching into her coin purse. 



"It is Young Lord Elessai's gift to you," said the old woman. "Please accept it kindly." 



"It's my gift!" Astero exclaimed happily. 



Seeming to have no choice in the matter, Josemi accepted the gift, and she and her son continued through the bustling marketplace. 



It was a lovely day in the summertime. At the edge of the long street lay the Pearl Sea, the largest body of water in the north. It stretched across the horizon, sparkling like pearls under the sun. Josemi and Astero walked until they reached the white sand. 



Astero held her hand tighter. Still skeptical of the water, he tucked closer into his mother's side. "Waves," he mumbled. 



She nodded. "Do not be afraid." He did not fear the calm lakes around the manor, nor did he fear the peaceful rivers that streamed throughout the forest. But he did fear the large waves, saying they were like monsters ready to swallow him up. "Stay in the shallows, and the waves won't hurt you." 



"Promise?" he looked up, his glistening dark eyes full of fear, but trust. 



Josemi crouched beside him, cupping his face in her palm. "Would I ever lie to you?" 



He shook his head, and suddenly, the true feeling of being a mother struck her. She always took care of her four younger siblings, as their own mothers met their ends so soon. Their father was the clan leader, and he could not afford to give them as much time as he would have liked. She would take them to the marketplace, make sure they attended their lessons, and played with them whenever she could. 



And yet, Zhilin, Luxian, Meira, and Anji had other people to rely on during those days. They had the servants, their relatives, their grandparents. All the responsibility for their fate never relied on Josemi alone. 



Astero relied on her. He trusted her entirely. If she said the waves were safe, they were. If she said to not do something, he would not do it. To have someone look up to her like that, as if she had all the answers in the world... it was a responsibility she always wanted. 



For years, she and Kairo wanted a child. And now that she had one, she would protect him with her life. 



"Go on then," she said, urging him towards the sea. "Do not be afraid." 



Astero nodded. Slowly, step by step, he made his way to the water, looking back a few times, as if making sure this was okay to do. Josemi gave him encouraging smiles, hoping to show him it would be fun, that he had nothing to fear. She watched him take a step into the sparkling waves, and he laughed as they splashed against his tiny legs. Her heart warmed at the sight. 



A commotion in the marketplace drew Josemi's attention away from the water. A vendor and a customer were arguing over the price of something, their yells gaining attention from everyone. Other people tried to calm the situation, for the argument seemed to be escalating. Josemi thought of going there and settling the fight herself. 



However, another commotion drew her attention back. Screaming, followed by running. People ran past Josemi into the marketplace, away from the shore. 



"Run!" 



"Help!"



"Istora!" 



The blue waves turned red as the shore turned into a slaughterhouse. People fell one by one, their bodies covering the sand, with more bodies floating in the water. Josemi counted at least fifteen men, all dressed in gray, carrying axes as they slaughtered the townspeople. Axes... a tool for lumber in any area of the sky, but in the south, a weapon. 



Amidst the chaos and bloodshed, there stood Astero, still in the water, an axe against his neck. One of the men held him, a hand on poor Astero's shoulder. Eyes full of fear, he stared at Josemi, a flood of silent tears staining his cheeks. 



"My lady!" Killian Elessai, Kairo's cousin, as well as the leader of their army, ran to her side, a spear in hand. "Are you all right?" 



Her eyes never left Astero. "Evacuate the town. And bring Kairo here." The Istora soldiers were not chasing anyone into the marketplace. They seemed to stay by the shore, killing anyone there, but never leaving their place. Perhaps they wanted to make a quick escape through the water. 



"Kairo's on his way, my lady." Killian followed her gaze and saw Astero, his grip on his spear tightening. "This is an act of war." 



It had been a long time since a direct attack like this happened. The Elessai clan was the closest northern clan to the south. To get between regions, one needed to cross the Pearl Sea, which was at least a two week journey. The Elessai essentially protected the north, and with their new forms of weaponry, hardly anyone dared to attack them outright. Kairo was known for being an excellent military strategist, having a brilliant technological mind, and being a protective leader of the clan. He had no weak points. 



Until now. Word had spread of Astero Elessai's existence. 



"Lady Elessai!" The Istora soldier holding Astero grinned wickedly. "Would you come closer? I would like the pleasure of viewing your face up close." 



"How dare you address our lady so disrespectfully!" Killian started towards him, but Josemi held out an arm to stop him. 



"He has Astero," she said quietly. "We cannot be hasty." Josemi started towards the men and her son, her blood boiling, the sound of the roaring waves and her heartbeat pounding in her ears. Killian walked beside her, and together, the two made their way to the sea, her sandals taking in sand, but she paid no mind. Her vision tunneled on Astero, and the only thought in her head was to get to him as soon as possible. 



A black ball of fear and dread expanded larger and larger as she made her way towards the sea. If it were a fair fight, and Astero was nowhere in sight, Josemi was certain she could end him where he stood. However, she had someone to be afraid for.



At last, she reached the edge of the shore. 



"Lady Elessai," the man greeted, an easy smile on his face. "How lovely it is to see you. Do you remember me?" 



"Would I?" 



He shrugged, the blade of the axe coming dangerously close to Astero's neck. "I suppose it was a forgettable encounter—"



"What do you want?" Josemi snapped. 



The man tsk'ed disappointedly. "Is that any way to speak to the person who holds your son's life in his hands?" 



"I asked you what you wanted." 



"I wanted to have a conversation!" The man's raucous laughter caused the others to join in, and Josemi had the urge to tear his throat out with her bare hands. 



"My lady, please do not speak to them until Kairo arrives," Killian murmured. 



She ignored him. "Very well. What shall be the topic of our conversation?" 



"Hmmm." The man pretended to think. He nudged Astero, who was trembling, his eyes wide with fear. "What's your name, boy?" 



Astero looked at Josemi, her heart shattering at how scared he looked. She gave him an encouraging nod. 



Do not be afraid.



"A - Astero." 



"How old are you?" 



"Nine." 



Astero had said he was eight years old. However, he did not know the exact date of his birth, only that he had been born in the summer. Josemi decided his birthday would be the day she found him. To her, it was the brightest day of the year. 



"Old enough to be engaged!" The man patted Astero's head, and Josemi desperately wished she had her sword in order to cut his hand off. "You could marry our Young Lady Istora."



A marriage between the north and south had not happened in decades, centuries even. Kairo would sooner knowingly drink poison than have a southerner as his daughter in law. 



"And what is your name?" Josemi asked, hoping to remember it as she ran a sword through his neck. 



"Zacharia Indol!" He seemed almost too happy, as if he were glad she asked. "I have a son—er—a daughter around his age. Little Zonemia. You two could be friends, Astero." 



"I doubt it," Josemi cut in, her anger getting the best of her.  



"So hostile." He shook his head. Then his eyes brightened. "Lord Elessai!"



Josemi felt Kairo's domineering presence behind her. At the same time, she noticed the other Istora soldiers heading closer to stand by their leader's side. Seeing all of them together, a monstrous force surrounding little Astero, made Josemi suck in a harsh breath. She needed to get him out of there. 



"This is a declaration of war." Kairo's deadly voice seemed to silence even the waves. "The Istora are ready for such a thing?" 



Zacharia Indol's smiling face shifted, darkening. "The Istora have been ready." 



"An attack like this will not be forgotten. Lady Istora planned this?" 



"Our lady can be quite ruthless." 



Josemi could not take it any longer. She did not care for their talks of war or politics. She could focus on nothing but Astero. "What do you want?" Josemi asked again, staring daggers at Zacharia Indol. "Why don't you let him go and duel me yourself?" 



The man smiled almost fondly. "Believe it or not, I truly do not want to kill him. I have children of my own." 



"You slaughtered children in this very town today." Kairo raised his voice, sounding angrier now. 



"But now I know this one's name." He ruffled Astero's hair. Then, he looked to Josemi. "And I have immense respect for Lady Elessai." Zacharia Indol turned to his men. "I'll let this child go." 



"General Indol!" The other men seemed confused as well.



"Our job was to declare war. We killed enough people here." The axe near Astero's neck lowered, and a wave of relief swept through Josemi. "Besides, the Fen clan have the best fighters in the sky. The Istora are second only to them." Letting go of Astero entirely, Zacharia Indol bowed his head. "It would be an honor to fight you, Lady Elessai." 



Josemi desperately wanted to. She had been in the Elessai clan for so long that she had been itching for a fight. To slay the man who held her son hostage... that was her life goal as of this moment. "Then let us fight." 



Zacharia Indol shoved Astero forward into the water face-first. "Go to your father. I have business with your mother." 



Astero hurriedly stood and ran. He stopped in front of Josemi, but her eyes were on Zacharia Indol. She desperately wanted to hold him in her arms and tell him everything would be all right. She wanted to make sure he wasn't hurt, to wrap him up in her warm embrace to stop his shivering. 



But Josemi needed her mind to focus. She would end this man's life first. 



Astero went around Josemi and stayed by Kairo's side. 



"Killian." Josemi could barely recognize her own voice. The voice of Josemi Fen. "Bring me a sword." 



Kairo took her left hand and placed a sword there. It was her sword, the one she brought from her eastern home. Its bright red scabbard comforted her eyes. 



Unsheathing her sword, Josemi felt the familiar weight of it, as if it were merely an extension of her own arm. She had not used this sword in a real battle in years. 



She handed the scabbard to Killian. "Get out of here. All of you." 



"No." Kairo would be the only one who dared say that to her. "Killian, take Astero. Once the town is evacuated, send more guards here." 



Killian nodded and took Astero's hand. "What about you?" 



"I'm staying with Josemi." 



"I will be back as soon as I can with more guards. Forgive me, Young Lord." Killian bent down and picked up Astero as if he weighed nothing. Then, he sprinted for the marketplace. Josemi heard a faint cry from Astero, but she did not turn around. 



Kairo placed a hand on her shoulder. "Be careful." 



She turned to him, and although his usual eyes were stoic, there was a hint of worry. 



"Do not doubt me, Kairo." Josemi looked to the water, where Zacharia Indol rested his axe easily on his shoulder, a wicked grin on his face. "I am not afraid."