Another day of traveling, and Astero and Rosella arrived in a northeastern town right by the water. 



He had not seen a lake like this since his most recent trip to the Fen clan. Small wooden boats full of people traversed across the water on the bright summer day. Some were fishing boats, others seemed to be for leisure. It reminded him so much of his home, the one his mother loved. 



The pair stood on the dock, looking over the sparkling lake. The sun illuminated Rosella's face as she stared in wonder at the scene, her eyes even brighter than the lake, and he wondered if she ever visited the Fen clan when she was in the sky. 



He supposed it would not hurt to ask. She did reveal she was from the sky, after all.



"Do they have lakes like this in the sky?" Astero asked. 



Rosella flinched, and Astero thought he should not have brought up the sky, but a second later, she started laughing, a hand over her chest. "I nearly forgot I told you." 



He needed to tread carefully. "If it's a sensitive topic, I will not bring it up again." 



She quickly shook her head. "No, no. It's just that in the past, when I would bring up being from the sky, I would be immediately kicked out of the area." 



"I would not kick you out," Astero promised earnestly. 



"I know," Rosella replied, smiling. "I'm sure they do, but I have not seen one. I was from the north. I mostly saw forests and mountains." 



The lakes in the Fen clan were the most beautiful places Astero had ever seen in the sky. Traversing the waters by boat, the peaceful sounds of the birds and insects as he drifted across, gave him comfort. He knew Rosella would love it too. 



"Wait here." Before Astero could wait for a response, he hurried to the shack in town closest to the dock, where he presumed the dock master resided. 



He strode up to the small window and came face to face with a man with bright blue eyes, light hair, and the warmest smile. "How can I help you, sir?" 



"Can we ride one of the boats?" Astero asked, pulling out five coins from his pouch and handing them through the stall window. He did not know how much that would cost, but five coins was generally the price of something. Astero learned—from his many trips down to the ground—that currency in the sky versus currency on the ground did not differ at all, much to his surprise. 



The man nodded, taking all the coins. "Take the boat tied to the west dock," he said, his voice carrying a peculiar accent. "Before you go, I need something as collateral. Nothing unimportant where you can just leave it." 



Astero reached into his bag, wondering what he had that could be used. Certainly not his pouch of money, nor anything else extremely valuable. After rummaging aimlessly for a minute, Astero's hand landed on a hair clip. It was his mother's, and she had given it to him when he decided to let his hair grow as long as hers. 



He pulled it out and handed it over, slightly reluctant to give up something from the sky. However, it was valuable enough, yet also something he could lose. 



The man took the pin and looked at it for a moment. A flash of surprised appeared on his face, but just as quickly as it came, it left, and Astero thought he might have imagined it. The man smiled. "Come back in one hour." 



Astero nodded. "Thank you." He ran back through the town to the docks, where Rosella was waiting. 



She was sitting on the edge, staring out into the distance, watching all the boats pass by. The sunlight against her face made her look younger, as if she had not aged a day since Astero first met her. The dress she wore—the pink one Astero bought for her—suited her perfectly, as if she were made to wear it. When Astero was a boy, he thought Rosella was some sort of angel, or at least a princess. He was technically right, about the second belief. She looked like one now.



Few things could take Astero's breath away. One of those things was Rosella. 



He strolled up to her, and she turned around. "Where did you go?" Rosella asked, pushing herself to a stance. 



Astero leaned in close, a mischievous smile on his face. He knew she would love this. "Shall we ride a boat?" 



There were stars in her eyes. "Really?" she breathed. 



Astero gestured to the boat tied to the dock right below them. "We have one hour." 



A wide, almost uncontrollable smile spread across her face, and Astero felt himself doing the same. 



The boat was unsteady when Astero stepped in, but he had ridden enough to where he could easily balance himself. To get most anywhere in the Fen clan, boat was the fastest method. The manor itself was surrounded by water. 



Once he was sure he could keep the boat steady, he held out a hand to Rosella to help her in. She hesitated, looking unsure at the boat. 



"Do not worry." Astero tried to reassure her, taking her hand in his. "I will not let you fall." 



"Are you an experienced boatsman?" Rosella asked, seeming impressed. 



"Let us pretend I am for now." 



"If you drop me, I swear..." 



Nevertheless, Rosella allowed him to take her hands and carefully guide her into the rocking boat. It began to shake unsteadily did to the new weight, and Rosella sucked in a breath, clasping Astero's hands tighter while trying to keep her balance. 



"Do not be afraid." Slowly, Astero lowered the both of them on to the wooden seats. Only once they were comfortably seated did he notice Rosella's breathing calm. 



"Is there no possibility at all that this will tip over?" Rosella asked, holding on to the edges of the boat for dear life. 



Grabbing the oars, Astero pushed off the dock, and the boat glided stop the water. "What's the worst that will happen if we tip over? All we will get is a bit soaked, that's all." 



"And lose all our belongings in the water." 



Oh. That's right.



"It's okay." Rosella took a deep breath. "I trust you." 



He smiled as he rowed them away from shore. There was so much scenery to take in. The clear lake, the summer sun, the other townsfolk strolling along the streets or rowing their own boats. He saw the sky reflected in the lake, his home in the clouds. 



"Have you ever been on a boat?" Astero asked. 



Rosella nodded. "Once. Back in the sky." 



"Were you traveling somewhere?" 



"To the south. I lived in the north and needed to travel down there for... an engagement meeting." 



Astero almost dropped the oars. Trying not to seem startled, he cleared his throat. "You were engaged?" he asked, hoping he did not sound as if he were prying. 



"No, no," said Rosella, shaking her head, laughing. "The engagement never went through." 



He knew, from her perspective, that he had no business asking who she was engaged to. However, Astero was too curious. "Who were you almost engaged to?" 



She tilted her head, confused. "You wouldn't know him." 



"I..." He could not make her any more suspicious. "I mean... what was he like?" 



Rosella shrugged. "I don't remember him at all. His last name was Istora, but I don't remember his first name." 



Astero nearly dropped the oars again. 



As the daughter of a prestigious clan, there were only so many people Rosella could have been engaged to. They needed to at least be of noble status, and Astero had been educated to have in-depth knowledge of the other clans, their main families, and their noble families. For the Elessai, there was the main family—himself, his mother, and his father. There was Killian Elessai—his father's cousin and leader of their army—and his own family. There was Athena Malanis—also his father's cousin—and her family. And lastly, Cleo Cyndri—the wife of Kairo Elessai's deceased distant cousin—and her daughter. He did have more knowledge of the northern clans and their noble families, but the Istora clan always piqued his interest, for to defeat one's enemy, one must know them well. 



As far as Astero was aware, none of the Istora clan's other nobles had that last name except for the main family. Which only left one person. 



Rosella had almost been engaged to Helik Istora. He had never met the current leader of the Istora clan. However, like anyone else, he heard the stories. Helik Istora was quite young, not much older than Astero himself. And yet, just like the previous clan leader, he was already feared by all the sky. 



"The engagement... didn't go through?" Astero inquired. 



Rosella shook her head. "I don't remember why." 



Although her terrible memory disappointed Astero at times like these, he was also thankful for it. Without it, she might have remembered him. 



"So what was your betrothed like?" Rosella asked with a teasing glint in her eye. "Besides all the negative things you've said, there had to have been something positive, right?" 



Although prepared for this question after talk of engagements, Astero shuddered at the reminder of Melody. 



"I honestly cannot think of a single positive thing about her," he stated honestly. "Well...at least, for her character." There truly was nothing good about Melody as a person. She treated everyone beneath her poorly, obsessed over Astero an uncomfortable amount, was spoiled, arrogant, and never experienced a hardship in her life. However, while not about her character, there was one thing Melody was good at. "She liked to sing. She had a nice voice. Hearing her talk irritated me, but hearing her sing was a different story." 



Rosella nodded thoughtfully. "Do you like to sing as well?" 



"Absolutely not." 



She laughed, leaning over the edge of the boat to dip her hand in the water as the boat floated across the surface. "Do your parents know you dislike her so much?" 



"They are well aware," Astero replied, finally having rowed them to the center of the lake. He placed the oars in their rests, wanting to drift along the calm waters for a while. "It does not matter." 



"Are you ever planning to go back?" Rosella seemed nervous to ask this. 



Astero glanced down into the water. Although his face had changed, had grown more chiseled and mature, the eyes of the pathetic little boy he once was stared back at him, remaining the same for fifteen years. Throughout that entire time, Astero had one goal: to find Rosella. He spent countless hours climbing up and down the northern stairway, many days searching on the ground, asking every person he saw if they knew a girl named Rosella. He paid people large sums of money to gather information on her whereabouts and report back to him. Right when he received information that she was in a northern town called Onen, Astero packed his things and snuck away before his marriage of nightmare could commence. For years, his life revolved around finding Rosella. Hardly anything else mattered. 



Was he planning to go back? Astero did not think that far. He spent years looking for her, and now, his goal had been achieved. 



What now? 



He shrugged. "One day, but not any time soon. Besides, you'd miss me too much." Astero winked, hoping his dilemma did not show on his face. 



She rolled her eyes but did not deny it. 



The two spent the rest of the hour sightseeing on the lake. Rosella marveled at the fish that jumped out of the water, at the water lilies that decorated the area, and at the people swimming by the shore. The entire time, her eyes were sparkling, their beauty having never faded from when Astero first saw her. 



In his heart, he did have a dream. A dream to bring Rosella back to the sky, to where she belonged.